Story telling based on "The bear and the two travellers".

Introduction:
Many years ago, there were two friends living in a small village. These two always felt like there was something missing in their life. Their ambition always pushed them
into ideas that were laughed at by the rest close-minded villagers. They felt suppressed and wanted to find a way to change their life. Their ambition led one of the two
to the idea to go on a trip away from their village to meet new people, new ways of living and explore the world. This brilliant idea filled them with excitement. However
ideas as such, introduce extreme over-thinking and doubts stemming from the negativity around them.

Two branches:
1. Accept
They both saluted their families and started on foot through the woods.

2. Reject
Stay in the village and carry on with their life. Story can lead forward only if the trip is accepted.

Trip starts:

While wandering around in the woods, they come accross a sign that says :left arrow City, Right arrow dragon's nest.

Choice:
1. go to city passage -> It is blocked by a lonely bear.
2. go to dragon's nest which is empty.

The bear then asks: I have never let a single person enter. Only people that come with friends can pass. However, I can either let only you pass and keep your friend to keep me company,
or you can visit the dragon's nest and bring me back rock.


By saying yes:
Friend is trapped under the bear's supervision and cannot escape.
The passage is now open:
1.Can proceed and go to the city.
2. go to the dragon's nest and get the bear's rock back.

By saying no:
The passage is blocked and the two friends can now continue to get the rock.
The friends can go to the dragon's nest and get the bear's rock back.



Taking choice 1 brings the player to the city where they see a great place of wisdom and beauty. The place very welcoming but all people seem to reject the person. The people in the city
know that no person has ever made it to the city alone. They all came as pairs or more than 2.


Talking to them: I am sorry but we are estranged by the fact that you made it here alone. The bear never lets people enter here without friends.
This means that you either killed the bear or let your friends back to the bear. Did you kill the bear? Yes/no => yes=>"oh you must be an individual to be feared of", yes/no=> no => "Then you have let your friend back. Please go fix your mistake."
The player can now wander around the city but no one wants to deal with them. This can change if they go back and fix their mistake.


By taking choice 2, the player keeps their friend and they proceed to the dragon's nest.

The dragon's nest:

A series of challenges, games and adventure to defeat the dragon and get the rock back.
